README.md, before:

# chris.bracken.jp

If you were looking for my actual blog, you'd find it at [chris.bracken.jp][blog],
but if you're here, odds are you're looking for the source. You've come to the
right place.

## Prerequisites

To build, you'll need [hugo][hugo_install] installed on your system.

## Obtaining the source

First, clone the repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:cbracken/blog
```

Next, initialise and fetch git submodules:
```
git submodule update --init
```

## Building and running

Fire up hugo's dev server:
```
# For the production site:
hugo server

# To run with draft posts enabled:
hugo server -D
```

Follow the on-screen instructions to test the site out locally.

## Adding a new post

To create a new post:
```
hugo new post/yyyy-mm-dd-title-of-post.md
```

Edit `content/post/yyyy-mm-dd-title-of-post.md` in your favourite editor. When
it's ready to post, remove the `draft` tag from the post header, commit the
changes, and push.

[blog]: https://chris.bracken.jp
[hugo_install]: https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/

Commit message:

Add publish.sh rather than rely on CI
Rather than rely on Travis, publish locally using a shell script. A few
reasons:

  * Eliminates the need to build Hugo from source.
  * Avoids dealing with incompatibilies between whatever version of Go
    is available on the CI bots and the version hugo is developed with.
  * `go get` doesn't support fetching from a tag, which means building
    from unreleased bleeding-edge versions of hugo, or manually fetching
    the transitive closure of dependencies.
  * It's much, much faster.

README.md, after:

# chris.bracken.jp

If you were looking for my actual blog, you'd find it at [chris.bracken.jp][blog],
but if you're here, odds are you're looking for the source. You've come to the
right place.

## Prerequisites

To build, you'll need [hugo][hugo_install] installed on your system.

## Obtaining the source

First, clone the repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:cbracken/blog
```

Next, initialise and fetch git submodules:
```
git submodule update --init
```

## Starting the dev server

Fire up hugo's dev server:
```
# For the production site:
hugo server

# To run with draft posts enabled:
hugo server -D
```

Follow the on-screen instructions to test the site out locally.

## Adding a new post

To create a new post:
```
hugo new post/yyyy-mm-dd-title-of-post.md
```

Edit `content/post/yyyy-mm-dd-title-of-post.md` in your favourite editor. When
it's ready to post, remove the `draft` tag from the post header, commit the
changes, and push.

## Building and deploying the site

The site is currently published to [GitHub pages][pages_repo]. That repo
contains a [CNAME][pages_cname] file that tells GitHub the site should resolve
to my personal domain.

To build and deploy the site, run:
```
./publish.sh
```

[blog]: https://chris.bracken.jp
[hugo_install]: https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/
[pages_repo]: https://github.com/cbracken/cbracken.github.io
[pages_cname]: https://github.com/cbracken/cbracken.github.io/blob/master/CNAME
