content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About me"
+++

This site is mainly intended as a way to keep in touch with friends and
family in Canada and elsewhere while I’m off wandering the world from
one country to the next.

I'm a software developer who's been fascinated by computers since I was
a kid. I wrote my first lines of BASIC and 6502 assembly on a Canadian
knock-off Apple II+ clone made by Apco, dutifully copying source
listings line-by-line from _Compute!_ magazine. Working my way up
through a Laser Turbo XT and a 286, I finally landed on a 386 DX
clocking in at a whopping 33 MHz. It was on this machine that I first
installed Linux from a stack of 3.5" floppies and learned to code in
Pascal and C. A couple years later, sometime in the mid-90s, some
classmates convinced me I should check out FreeBSD, and because I'm
used to it, but also out of sheer laziness, I've been using it as my
main home setup pretty much ever since.

At some point I headed off to university. Seven years later, after
wandering aimlessly from faculty to faculty through Chemistry, Physics &
Astronomy, Japanese, and Electrical and Computer engineering programmes,
I decided enough was enough, grabbed my B.Eng., and booted myself out
the door and into the world.

Initially, I moved south of the border to spend a couple years in
California working on AutoCAD at Autodesk. Deciding that this wasn't
south-of-the-border enough, I packed my bags and headed to Mérida,
México, which sits neatly within the borders of the Chicxulub crater
where the asteroid that caused the Cretaceous-Paleogene mass extinction
event landed. I spent the year writing point-of-sale software for a
local art gallery, doing some travelling, and doing some teaching on the
side.

A year later, as my visa neared its end, I started wandering my way back
to Canada via Cuba, Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras before remembering
which way was north and zig-zagging my way slowly back home on
third-class buses.

A couple years later, after some more hacking on 3D CAD software, I
picked up my few possessions and moved to Tokyo, Japan, where I met my
wife, learned to speak, read, and write Japanese, got married, and had
kids. I've spent the time since working on a variety of projects ranging
from equities trading systems, the Dart programming language, the
Flutter app SDK, and the Fuchsia operating system. I currently work at
Google.

You can drop me a line anytime at [chris@bracken.jp][email].


## About this site

You can find the source for this site and instructions on how to build
it [here][site_repo].

This site contains no tracking, no cookies, and no Javascript. It should
work well with screen-readers and text-mode browsers. My web skills are
near-nonexistant, so if you've got feedback on how it could be improved,
shoot me an email.


## PGP public key

If you’re a fan of crypto, you can find me on [keybase.io][keybase].
Here’s my PGP public key:

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=oWav
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

[email]: mailto:chris@bracken.jp
[keybase]: https://keybase.io/cbracken
[site_repo]: https://gitlab.com/cbracken/blog

Commit message:

Drop link to Keybase
Keybase was acquired by Zoom, who have a poor track record with
security, including funnelling chats through servers in China. Since
this looks like an acqui-hire, I expect Keybase is not long for this
world either way.

Fortunately, I never used them to host my private key.

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About me"
+++

This site is mainly intended as a way to keep in touch with friends and
family in Canada and elsewhere while I’m off wandering the world from
one country to the next.

I'm a software developer who's been fascinated by computers since I was
a kid. I wrote my first lines of BASIC and 6502 assembly on a Canadian
knock-off Apple II+ clone made by Apco, dutifully copying source
listings line-by-line from _Compute!_ magazine. Working my way up
through a Laser Turbo XT and a 286, I finally landed on a 386 DX
clocking in at a whopping 33 MHz. It was on this machine that I first
installed Linux from a stack of 3.5" floppies and learned to code in
Pascal and C. A couple years later, sometime in the mid-90s, some
classmates convinced me I should check out FreeBSD, and because I'm
used to it, but also out of sheer laziness, I've been using it as my
main home setup pretty much ever since.

At some point I headed off to university. Seven years later, after
wandering aimlessly from faculty to faculty through Chemistry, Physics &
Astronomy, Japanese, and Electrical and Computer engineering programmes,
I decided enough was enough, grabbed my B.Eng., and booted myself out
the door and into the world.

Initially, I moved south of the border to spend a couple years in
California working on AutoCAD at Autodesk. Deciding that this wasn't
south-of-the-border enough, I packed my bags and headed to Mérida,
México, which sits neatly within the borders of the Chicxulub crater
where the asteroid that caused the Cretaceous-Paleogene mass extinction
event landed. I spent the year writing point-of-sale software for a
local art gallery, doing some travelling, and doing some teaching on the
side.

A year later, as my visa neared its end, I started wandering my way back
to Canada via Cuba, Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras before remembering
which way was north and zig-zagging my way slowly back home on
third-class buses.

A couple years later, after some more hacking on 3D CAD software, I
picked up my few possessions and moved to Tokyo, Japan, where I met my
wife, learned to speak, read, and write Japanese, got married, and had
kids. I've spent the time since working on a variety of projects ranging
from equities trading systems, the Dart programming language, the
Flutter app SDK, and the Fuchsia operating system. I currently work at
Google.

You can drop me a line anytime at [chris@bracken.jp][email].


## About this site

You can find the source for this site and instructions on how to build
it [here][site_repo].

This site contains no tracking, no cookies, and no Javascript. It should
work well with screen-readers and text-mode browsers. My web skills are
near-nonexistant, so if you've got feedback on how it could be improved,
shoot me an email.


## PGP public key

If you're a fan of crypto, you can find my public key below. I've also
posted [proof of ownership][ownership_proof] of this site.

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=oWav
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

[email]: mailto:chris@bracken.jp
[ownership_proof]: https://chris.bracken.jp/pgp_verify.txt
[site_repo]: https://gitlab.com/cbracken/blog
