content/code.md, before:

+++
title = "Code"
+++

You can find most of the public code I contribute to hosted at one of
the following sites:

* [GitHub](https://github.com/cbracken/): The most popular source code
  hosting solution and where most of my public contributions lie.
* [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/cbracken/): Better features and UI than
  GitHub.

## Significant contributions

* [Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/): portable,
  cross-platform app SDK and runtime. Most of my contributions focus on
  the portable C++ [runtime](http://github.com/flutter/engine/) and
  tools.
* [Dart SDK/VM](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/): the Dart programming
  language is a strongly-typed, object-oriented, garbage-collected
  language with C-like syntax. Compiles to either native code (either
  ahead-of-time or JITed in the VM) or JavaScript for the web.
* [Dart Code Coverage](https://github.com/dart-lang/coverage/): LCOV
  support for code executed on the Dart VM.
* [Quiver](https://github.com/google/quiver-dart/): a set of utility
  libraries for Dart.
* [Fixnum](https://github.com/dart-lang/fixnum/): a fixed-width 32- and
  64-bit integer library for Dart. Dart's int semantics vary between
  platforms.

Commit message:

Update wording on Code page

content/code.md, after:

+++
title = "Code"
+++

You can find most of the public code I contribute to hosted at one of
the following sites:

* [GitHub](https://github.com/cbracken/): The most popular source code
  hosting solution and where most of my public contributions lie.
* [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/cbracken/): Better features and UI than
  GitHub.

## Significant contributions

* [Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/): portable,
  cross-platform app SDK and runtime. Most of my contributions focus on
  the portable C++ [runtime](http://github.com/flutter/engine/), the
  platform-specific embedders, and tools.
* [Dart SDK/VM](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/): the Dart programming
  language is a strongly-typed, object-oriented, garbage-collected
  language with C-like syntax. Compiles to either native code (either
  ahead-of-time or JITed in the VM) or JavaScript for the web.
* [Dart Code Coverage](https://github.com/dart-lang/coverage/): LCOV
  support for code executed on the Dart VM.
* [Fixnum](https://github.com/dart-lang/fixnum/): a fixed-width 32- and
  64-bit integer library for Dart. Dart's int semantics vary between
  native platforms (64-bit) and the web (IEEE 53-bit mantissa). This
  library allows those with hard requirements on 64-bit values (e.g.
  database IDs) to write code that is portable to web targets.
* [Quiver](https://github.com/google/quiver-dart/): a set of utility
  libraries for Dart.
