---
date: "2001-08-28T00:00:00Z"
image: 2001-08-28-old-door.jpg
tags:
- Mexico
- Travel
title: Quest for a Hammock
---

{{< figure src="/post/2001-08-28-old-door.jpg" alt="A worn-down wooden door lies framed by a crumbling building façade in Mérida. Traces of faded lettering remain where the paint has not flaked away." >}}

In Mérida, most people sleep in hammocks. Walk down any residential street and
look in the windows and you’ll see hammocks strung all over the room. What I’m
getting at is that I finally caved in and bought a hammock. Now sit back and
listen, ’cause here’s my advice…<!--more-->

If you’re in Mérida, you’ll be approached every five minutes by someone wanting
to sell you a hammock off the street. Do not buy it! That man is crazy! The
quality of hammock you get from a wandering hammock guy is a mystery until you
try it out. And you’re not going to be trying it out until after you’ve paid
for it. Generally speaking, they’re pretty bad. Locals refer to them as
‘hospital hammocks’ because that’s where you end up if you use them. Go to a
hammock shop with a good reputation. If they can show you a photo album of them
and their grandparents chopping down sisal (henequen cactus), stripping the
fibre, and making hammocks, it’s a pretty safe bet that the hammocks are
good.So Julio Armando pulled out a few hammocks, strung them up, proudly
displays the threading to show there were no flaws, and got me to jump in and
take it for a spin. Hammocks come in lots of sizes: single, double,
matrimonial, and matrimonial especial. The difference is the number of pairs of
end threads. Matrimonial has about 150 pairs of end threads, whereas a single
has about 50 and a double has about 100. Keep in mind that these sizes were
designed for people of Mayan stature, which is a lot smaller than your typical
Canadian, or Mestizo Mexican.

Unfortunately, the walls in the apartment must be the only ones in the whole
city that doesn’t have hammock hooks! Even a lot of hotels in Mérida provide
hooks! I ran across the street to the Tlapalería¹ and using hand signals and
pantomime, bought exactly five metres of nylon rope. Using those engineering
skills I spent so much effort learning at UVic, and some knots I learned in Boy
Scouts, I rigged up a makeshift hammock hookup. Unfortunately, the only
available post to string a rope around was the chunk of wall between the
balcony door and the window, which meant that both the door and the window had
to be open to use it, and I had to pull the mosquito screen out of the window
anytime I wanted to use the hammock.

About Mérida’s weather: Maybe you people back home have looked at the
temperatures in Mérida and thought 'Wow! They spend the whole summer in the mid
to upper 30s! It’s just like Cancún!' True, but it’s also insanely humid, which
means you’re covered in sweat 24 hours a day—imagine waking up sticky and
sweaty every morning; that’s why most people use hammocks. What’s more, unlike
Cancún, there are thunderstorms every afternoon between about four and seven.
You can set your watch by them. During these thunderstorms, it rains. A lot. So
much, in fact, that having the window or door open even a centimetre spells
certain doom. In short, the hammock is no longer up. Back to the drawing board.

A curious side note here. If you wander the streets of Mérida enough, you’ll
notice an inordinate number of people with one or both eyes missing. The reason
for this is quite interesting. Mérida is famous around the world for its
hammocks. And to make hammocks you need henequen fibre. The sisal cactus from
which you get it has very, very sharp, needle-like barbs. You get the point.

### Glossary

1. *Tlapalería:* A sort of little roadside hardware store.
