---
comments: true
date: "2001-12-21T00:00:00Z"
image: 2001-12-21-plaza.jpg
tags:
- Mexico
- Travel
title: San Cristóbal de las Casas, Chiapas, México
---

San Cristóbal is, without question, one of the most beautiful towns in Mexico.
It’s also the ideal temperature for visiting Canadians, with the temperature
hovering around 10 °C, and the humidity close to 100% during the daytime in
winter. It’s cold, damp and cloudy. After months of scorching heat and
humidity, I was in heaven. San Cristóbal makes an ideal base from which to do
day-trips to the surrounding villages of San Juan Chamula and
Zinacantán—indigenous villages comprising the Tzotzil and Tzeltal indigenous
groups respectively.<!--more-->

{{< figure src="/post/2001-12-21-plaza.jpg"
    alt="Plaza in San Cristóbal de las Casas" >}}

In town, we met a law student named Luís who took a group of us to the
villages. In San Juan Chamula, we first visited the shaman’s hut for the
village, where we learned about the mix of Catholicism and traditional beliefs
practised in the village. We then continued on to the village church which was
probably the highlight of the visit. Seeing the mix of beliefs being practised
there was incredible: everything from prayers to the Catholic saints to burning
incense to chicken sacrifices and ceremonial purgings. Photography isn’t
allowed in the church and out of respect to the Chamulans, we won’t describe
everything in detail on the web, but suffice to say that it was an incredibly
worthwhile visit.

Zinacantán is only a few kilometres away, but the villagers speak an entirely
different language, Tzeltal. Here, the church is much more traditional,
although most villagers still maintain strong ties to traditional indigenous
beliefs, such as worshipping the Earth Lord and placing a strong emphasis on
the interpretation of dreams. For a more detailed look at the beliefs and
culture of the people of Zinacantán, we’d suggest *Dreams and Stories from the
People of the Bat* by Robert Laughlin. This book is a collection of dreams and
their interpretations as told by the villagers of Zinacantán, as well as a
series of short stories passed from generation to generation in the village.

The town also produces many traditional handicrafts typical of Chiapas:
blankets, clothing, dolls, etc. The villagers take these to San Cristóbal to
sell them at the markets and on the street. The textiles are all made from
hand, from the thread, to hand-weaving and embroidering. Typically, a
medium-sized blanket takes two to three weeks to produce.

{{< figure src="/post/2001-12-21-beans.jpg"
    alt="Beans for sale at the market" >}}

Back in San Cristóbal, we spent a few days visiting the markets and wandering
around town trying out the local food before heading back north for Palenque
again. On our way out of town we noticed a small shanty-town suburb in a gravel
pit. On a big yellow arch, bold black letters declared the name of the colonia:
*Sal Si Puedes*, 'Get Out If You Can'. Just past this is the massive military
encampment that has been in place since 1994 when the EZLN (Zapatista
Liberation Army) overthrew and occupied the town before being driven out by
reinforcements sent in, causing a bloodbath. There is a lot less tension now
than there was then, but the Zapatistas still have incredibly high support in
the villages just outside of town. The Mexican government under Vincente Fox
has been much more responsive to indigenous peoples than previous governments
have been, although in recent months this seems to be less and less the case.
There’s still a lot of work to do before the indigenous groups in Mexico are
able to live in conditions similar to the rest of the population. Most people
in the villages still lack food, clothing and (non-dirt) floors in their
houses, let alone running water and electricity. And although Chiapas produces
more electricity than any other state, less than half the population has
electricity in its home.
