---
date: "2002-04-04T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- Mexico
- Travel
title: Chetumal, Quintana Roo, México
---

As we stepped off the Cubana Ilyushin Il-62 plane at the Cancun airport, I
literally kissed the ground in happiness. The airport was crowded with people
snacking on good Mexican food and the sound of shouting and laughter filled the
air. After all the episodes of trouble, dengue fever, and trying to figure out
what the hell was actually going on, it was easy to lose sight of just how
great a country México is, and after Cuba, coming back to México felt like
coming home.<!--more-->

After arrival, the first challenge is getting from the airport to the Cancún
bus depot. The shuttle bus drivers' union has a strangle-hold on travel from
the airport in Cancun. They charge 75 pesos per person one-way from the airport
via the major hotels along La Zona Hotelera to the station. If you happen to be
living on a wage of 50 pesos an hour, this is practically highway robbery.
However, it turns out that the shuttle bus drivers only have a monopoly on
travel from the airport; travel to the airport remains entirely unrestricted.
Those who take a few minutes to sit and relax out front of the airport for a
few minutes will notice that there is a clever way around this racket.

Following the example of the locals, we hauled our backpacks across the parking
lot, headed out the gates of the airport, and started down the highway in 36
degree heat. Within moments a taxi skidded to a stop, and the driver, nervously
glancing out the rear window, motioned to us to get in.

We didn't. Instead, we stood at the window asking "cuanto cuesta?", to which he
shouted "no importa! vamos amigos!".

Still we didn't get in. "We'll pay 50 pesos... for the two of us."

Looking insulted, he replied "Are you crazy?! I won't do it for less than 70
pesos each!"

Glancing back toward the airport we told him "That's ridiculous, the bus is 75
pesos, and besides we don't have that kind of money. We live in Merida; we're
not rich turistas norteamericanos."

A shuttle bus flew by honking its horn while the driver shook his fist at the
taxista.

"Bueno! 110 pesos para los dos! Vamos!"

At 110 pesos, we were still overpaying by Mérida standards, but given that we
were a 16km walk in scorching heat from the city, I was pretty sure we weren't
going to get much of a better deal.

At the bus depot, we bought tickets for Chetumal, 5 hours to the south, then
made a dive for the nearest yucatecan restaurant. After weeks of oil-drum
pizzas and roast ham & cheese sandwiches in Cuba, I savoured every last bite of
my poc-chuc. We finished our horchata, then climbed into the bus for the trip
to Chetumal.

Confined by the jungle to the southeast corner of Quintana Roo state, and
squashed between the sea and the Belizean border, Chetumal is the last outpost
of civilisation before crossing into the jungle to the south. Until the end of
the 1970s, like much of pre-Cancun Quintana Roo, it was essentially a free zone
in relatively lawless territory. Trade with British Honduras (now Belize) was
the foundation of the local economy, and earned it the title of the territory
(now state) capital. The historical importance of trade gives the city a
distinct feel from colonial Merida. You can still spot the occasional
wood-frame house, and the city has a relatively modern atmosphere.

Previously named *Chactemal*, the city had served as a Mayan capital since
pre-Columbian times. The first Spanish missionaries arrived the 16th century,
and the Conquistadors followed soon after. By 1544, the city had fallen to the
Spaniards and the remaining Maya fled into Belize, leaving the city all but
abandoned for the next two centuries.

At the turn of the 20th century in 1898, Porfirio Diaz, then President of
Mexico, ordered the establishment of a port at the mouth of the Rio Hondo in
order to quell the flow of arms across the Belizean border and into the hands
of the Maya. To this end, the city of Payo Obispo was founded by Othon Blanco
with the help of Mexicans from the surrounding areas. The economy developed
quickly and the city grew into the territorial capital by 1915. In 1936, the
city renamed itself to Chetumal, which it remains to this day.

All along the waterfront of Chetumal is a gorgeous walkway. Unlike the
shimmering blue waters of the north-eastern coast of the Yucatan, the water
here was more reminiscent of the murky green ocean back home on Vancouver
Island. The locals are adamant that the water is horrifically ugly, but I
suppose when your bases for comparison are Playa del Carmen, Cozumel and
Cancun, that you can afford to be picky.

After sunset, as we wandered through the town, snacking on fresh tamales, we
were stopped by a couple of old men sitting in chairs on the sidewalk in front
of a saddle shop. They stopped us to ask where we were from and what brought us
to Chetumal. We explained we were taking a trip to see Guatemala and part of
Honduras before returning back to México.

"Why do you want to go to Guatemala? It's a dangerous. It's poor. They have
nothing. Pickpockets are everywhere, and the people have no dignity left. Life
is cheap in Guatemala, they've been surrounded by civil war and death for 30
years. It's a beautiful country with a terrible history."

That night, we checked into an 80 peso hotel. The employees were huddled around
the television furiously debating México's loss to the USA in fútbol.

"The giants defeated us midgets! Look at the size of their players. And the
Americans don't even care about fútbol! Can you believe this?! This is an
insult!"

We tried to console them by mentioning that Mexico would be guarateed to put
Canada to shame. It was the best we could manage. It didn't help much.

They shut off the game, and we got to sleep early. Just after the stroke of
midnight I woke up and, in a final farewell to the bugs I had picked up in
Cuba, I threw up (in order) the dinner tamale, followed by the entire plate of
celebratory Poc Chuc I had eaten that afternoon. I felt surprisingly better,
and fell sound asleep excited about the next day's 12 hour trip down a narrow
dirt track road through the jungles of Belize and into northern Guatemala.
