---
comments: true
date: "2005-10-08T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- Japan
title: 麻酔お願いします！
---

Yesterday was my first trip to the dentist in years. The last time was just
before moving to Mexico, in the summer of 2001. As you might imagine, I was not
entirely expecting a clean bill of dental health. The fact that I had once
again ignored my dentist's advice to floss daily was not improving my outlook
one bit.<!--more-->

So it was with some trepidation that I went to see Dr Nakasawa yesterday
afternoon at 3 o'clock. I stepped into the office, swapped my shoes for
slippers, filled out some forms, and took a seat in the waiting room,
attempting to pass the time by reading ads in Japanese for Sonicare
toothbrushes.

Eventually, I heard the receptionist call out 'Bracken-san!' The door swung
open, and I was escorted to a chair and told to have a seat and wait for a few
moments with nothing to do except stare at the assortment of torture
instruments laid out on the table in front of me.

Now, in Canada, this is the point where the hygenist comes in, cleans your
teeth, tells you what a poor job you've done of brushing your teeth over the
last six months, asks you whether you've actually bothered to floss even once
since the last time you came, then takes off and the dentist comes in and pokes
around. In Japan, it goes only slightly differently. The dentist comes straight
in, cleans your teeth, tells you what a poor job you've done of brushing your
teeth, asks you whether you've actually bothered to floss even once since you
last came in, then starts poking around. Normally, that is.

*Chotto akete kudasai.* I opened my mouth. Dr Nakasawa looked around for a
moment, poking at things with his tools, then paused. 

*Kono chiryou wa Nihon de moraimashita?*

'No, didn't get 'em here. I got all my fillings in Canada.' 

Another pause. *Aah, Canada-jin desu ka? Daigakusei no jidai, Eigo o benkyou
shimashita kedo, mou hotondo wasurete-shimaimashita.*

'That's ok, I'll try my best in Japanese.'

Dr Nakasawa takes another glance in my mouth, does a bit more poking and says
to the hygenist 'Number 14 looks like an A. 18 looks like a B. 31... is A-ish.'
Dr Nakasawa sits back in his chair. Another pause. 

'These fillings... the grey ones,' he says, 'how long ago did you get these?'

'I don't know, maybe when I was in middle-school. A long time ago. I haven't
had a filling in years.'

'They're really old. This one here looks like it's chipped away on the edge and
the tooth underneath has a little bit of discolouration that may well be a
cavity. We don't really do this style of filling in Japan anymore, but what I'd
suggest — it's up to you — is that we remove these, check for cavities
underneath, do any cleanup you need, then replace them with modern fillings.'

'Sure, the last dentist I talked to mentioned these were getting pretty awful
too, so sure... sounds good. Let's do it.'

'Okay, I'm particularly worried about this one here, so let's start with this
one.'

'Sounds good.'

'Would you like to book a time next week, or if you have time I could do it
today?'

'I've got no plans for the rest of the day, let's just get it over with.'

'Alright. *Masui wa dou desu ka? Hitsuyou desu ka?*'

Now here I want to remind you that although I can get by in day-to-day life and
carry on a conversation in Japanese, one of the unequivocal facts of gaijin
life is that there are some words you simply don't know, and to keep the flow
of conversation going, you skip them and pick up the general idea from context.
So when someone says to you 'What about *masui*? Would you like it?' in a tone
that suggests that really, you probably wouldn't, your instinct tends to be to
say 'no, no.'

One of the wonderful things about living in another country is that
occasionally you're pleasantly surprised by turn of events that leads to an
experience that you'd almost certainly never have stumbled your way into back
home. These experiences often upend long-held, fundamental beliefs that you'd
have never even thought to question in your life.

However, I am going to tell you right now that there is no question at all that
getting your teeth drilled with no freezing hurts almost exactly as much as
you'd imagine it does.

The full meaning of Dr Nakasawa's question, and of what was about to transpire,
became crystal clear as he picked up the drill, looked me in the eyes and said
'Open wide, and put your hand up if at any point you can't handle the pain.' I
swear I detected just the slightest hint of a smile on his face as he said this
to me, but I didn't have long to think about it because it was it was at this
point that I began focussing my entire being on keeping my hands clamped in a
death grip on the armrests of the dental chair.

I walked out of the office that day with a shiny new hole in my tooth and a
temporary filling while they create the permanent one. I managed to do this
without once raising my hand, but Dr Nakasawa's lucky his chair has still got
its bloody armrests attached.
